the swallow is a simple traditional paper plane
it does loopings
you can fold it from A4 or Us letter paper
fold the sheet in half along the long edge
open the model
fold the short edge to the long edge
so the fold is diagonal
open
repeat on the other side
now we’ll do something like a water-bomb-base
if you know that, this step will be easy
turn around
fold the corners to the corners of the creases
so the crease goes through the intersection of the other folds
open and turn over
push in the center
bring it together that way
bring together all edges
make flat
take the two top flaps
and fold them to the top corner
now a "rabbit-ear-fold"
fold the angle-bisector both ways
fold both at the same time
and pinch the corner together
repeat with other flap
pinch the corner
this might be hard because there is a lot of paper to fold
just pinch hard, you'll do it :)
the crease goes along this line
where the "ears" are
the ears become the tip of the plane
crease firmly
fold in half like in the beginning
fold down to form wings
as far as the head of the swallow allows it
repeat on back
make small wings down there
use the first wing as a reference-point
press the corner inside
pinch in together
that is the finished swallow
please comment if you use the subtitles ,so I know if it is worth my time =)
click one of the annotations for more airplanes